Thank you so much dear Surya for your immense interest in our Campus Ambassador Program, we highly appreciate you ðŸ˜€

Rules for participation in Campus Ambassador.ðŸ˜

One Referral = One Point

For 25 Referrals Points = One Month unlimited access to cynohub pro.

For 50 Referrals Points = One Month pro, 200/-RS Cash Prize & Campus Ambassador participation certificate.

For 120 Referrals Points = Three Months Cynohub pro membership worth 399/-, Rupees 600/- Cash Prize, Campus Ambassador Excellence Certificate & Chance to win iPhone 13 pro.

Note:-All Cash rewards will be sent via paytm, gpay, or BHIM UPI. ðŸ˜Š

OnlyÂ afterÂ installingÂ andÂ registeringÂ inÂ theÂ appÂ you willÂ beÂ ableÂ toÂ seeÂ theÂ referrals ðŸ˜Š

Hubspot Login: Jagdishwar@cynohub.com
Hubspot pass : 123@Jagdish

----------------------


R18 belongs to JNTUH (2018 year) and we have mostly R18. However, if you want to check, if similar subjects available then please go for R18 and check to see, if you're able to get to seee the subjects available.

Else, its your wish as, I will update this to the team and team will chek on that.


----------------

Apologies as of now we only provide R18 related content.

What I would suggest is if you search for your topics in this regulation were you might find similar content for your regulation which is R16

----------------

Thank you so much Moin for your interest in our Full Stack Development Scholarship Program.
Further, if you're lucky and get the scholarship, you'll be able to get the free training or with very minimum fee.
You'll get all the updates through the group chat.
Once again thank you.

------------------

Hello, my name is Ishwari from CynoHub support  ðŸ˜„

Further, we have resolved the duplicate login issue with the help of our back-end specialised team. 
Please once log-off from the app and re-login. Please do not worry

-----------------

Hello, my name is Ishwari from CynoHub support ðŸ˜„

How can I help you with your login, could you please explain in detail.

-----------------

Hello, my name is Ishwari from CynoHub support ðŸ˜„

This is a Scholarship Program for your additional computer courses.
Like the one above mentioned for Full Stack Development.

If you are the one selected from 200 then, you'll be either able to get the complete course free of cost. 

Or at very minimal fee. And we wish you all the very best for you ðŸ˜€

----------------

This Ticket number helps us to track the issue and give you timely updates.
If you need any more details on this issue, I will be able to add them to this ticket ID.

---------------

As of now, its part of the Scholarship.
However, if you have premium with you, then currently you'll be able to access. 
This may change but, if you happen to get selected for scholarship, then either it will be totally free or at a very minimal fee.

--------------

We sincerely apologise for this; we are now working on Course subjects, since different colleges have different open elective subjects, it makes difficult for us to upload content for final year students.
Apart from this, we offer work skills courses in the app that would be more beneficial for you, and you can also check out several courses, among them HTML&css master class, Robotics, and several more on the app etc

---------------

Sorry download option is not available due to copyright issues. 
However, based on the students need, our back-end specialised team will come up with the download within the app functionality.

And we thank you so much Karthik for letting us know. You're our most valued students.

--------------

Now its been resolved by our Back-end Specialised Team for you. 
Now please once log-off and re-login and it shall work for you ðŸ˜€

--------------

Thank you so much for checking on this with us. Currently Cynohub app is supported on the Android. If your pc is android based, it shall be working for you.

Our App Development team is working on to make sure, its supported on all of the platforms however, currently its only with Android and we're extremely sorry for the inconvenience due to this to you.

---------------

We currently do not offer content for the above mentioned university. For now you can select JNTUH university in the app and start learning.  This university has the most amount of topics on the app so you can find your concepts there.

-----------------


Hello, my name is Ishwari from CynoHub support ðŸ˜„

Downloading option is not available as of now. 
However, we thank you that you have asked. 
And many of our valuable students like you are also asking for download option and we have intimated this to our app development team. They may come back with the download option but, it could take time.

---------------

Thank you so much for checking on this with us and if you need to open Cynohub in your current phone. 
Then, please logout of the first phone, where in you have logged in first and then, try to login to another phone.

If you still face any Duplicate Login issue, please message here, and so, that I can check with our back-end specialised team. 

Cynohub app can login only in one device, simultaneous logins are not available currently.

----------------

Fullstack info :

Here are the details for the Full Stack Development Program.
I have attached a Brochure, that gives you more details about what you are going to learn in the program.
Here the website link for the program, this contains all the details related to the course.
https://www.cynohub.com/full-stack-development/
This is a 100% Job Guarantee Program, if you do not get a job within one year of completing the course, you will get a 100% Refund.
Recommended Time to Learn : We recommend that you take a minimum of 1-2 Hours per day to learn Full Stack to get a job in 6-7 Months.


We will assist you with your job search and interview preparation in addition to upskilling and preparing you to be a solid engineer. (42 kB)
The Fees for the course is : 35,000
Initial Payment to Enrol into the course : 15,000 ( EMI Available )
Pay the rest only after you get a job.
This is a job Guarantee Program, you will be getting a job within one year of completing the course with a minimum package of 5 LPA. Otherwise, you would get a 100% Refund on your course fee.


-------------------

Hello, we are happy to update you , that your request of more question paper is been uploaded successfully by our back-end specialised team. 

However, apologies for the delay, as the team was engaged in multiple different work but, the good news is, that they have completed it now. 

Hope it helps you and all the very best for your future studies :)

-----------------

JNTUA -> Only 1st year syllabus notes are uploaded, 2nd year notes aren't available yet.


-----------------

This is Sakshi from Cynohub Support. I hope you are enjoying learning from Cynohub App.
 
We have worked really hard to make it the best engineering app as possible.
 
If you are finding the app useful, please consider leaving a positive review on Google Play Store, that would help us out a lot. Thank You!
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cynohub.app.com

--------------------

As per you concern I have approached by backend team and known that,

As of now, the content for 4th year has not been uploaded to the app; the reason for this is that different colleges have different elective subjects, making it difficult for us to upload the content.

However, we have already begun the process; don't worry, whenever the content is uploaded, you will be receiving a notification from us.

--------------------

Cynohubsocial@gmail.com password: ea8sVZ%@4F6Z

--------------------